ALTE makes jianyi on company structure, on technology requirements they'd like to have
2 million is in CB's hands now
---

To sppeed up the JV jobs

0. ALTe jobs: 

00. For the JV's organization structure and member/staff requirements and their responsibilities
01. JV production facilities, dessign them with teh Shanghai production line company that they have already contected with) if possible design the production line plan. 
02. List of equipment to import from US so they can arrange duty free licensing and get import approval etc... in advance
03. during the operation of the JV, according to Chinese market requirements, develop the straegty and direction for the high end hybrid vehicles/ This is Li's personal opinion 
-including special vehicles
--hybrid vehicles, commercial vehicles for the government, electric sports car etc... 
--350 military police vehicle (use ford 150 350 chassis) since ALTe engineers have experience with tesla. make many types of vehicles
-- ALTe should collect information about Ford 150/350 for the future production
04. Speed up the moblie police station design
05. Suppliers and spare lists and technology requirement so that Benma can set up sourcing system with suppliers. Make a BOM

1. What benma/JV do
10. Industry and commercial registration
11. Build mgmt systems and personel system (how many member and departments -- bianzhi) JV company organization
12. recruit of personel (engineers && mgmt)
13. production plant (factory) base factory construction
14. Plan for the JV's key production plan and draft a scheme lel development strategy 


To speed up the JV's development and get the company off the ground and running faster Mr. Li has put together a list of suggested jobs that each JV partner should be working on. 

ALTe's Suggestions

1. Provide suggestions on the JV's company organization strucutre and any staff requirements they need and member responsibilities. 
2. Work with the Shanghai Production Line Company (that you have already contacted with) to design a the production line plan.
3. It is Mr. Li's opinion that the best Chinese market to target is high-end hybrid and electric vehicles. The JV should always be looking out for information on special vehicles, commerical vehicles and electric sports cars as future production possibilites. In the mean time, Mr. Li believes that it could be highly profitable to modify the Ford 150/350 vehicles (such as the millitary police vehicle in the attached photos) and ALTe should gather information on that chassis if possible.
4. The mobile police station design should be prioritized and finished.
5. ALTe should create a list of components and technology requirements (a BOM) so that Benman can source them in China if possible and set up a supply chain. 

JV Jobs

1. Finish commercial and industrial registration of the joint venture
2. Build a management system and the JV company organization
3. Recruit personel, both engineers and management
4. Complete the factory base construction
5. Plan the JV's key production plan and draft a development strategy